docs: improve port conflict troubleshooting (#5416)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/usage/troubleshooting.md

Here are some of the other common processes that could be using ports 80/443 and methods to stop them.

> * macOS Content Filtering: Under "Screen Time" -> "Choose Screen Time content and privacy settings" turn off "Content and Privacy". Then you must reboot. This has been a common issue with macOS Sonoma.

Reviewer: Might want to un-proper-nounify “content filtering”, use a real arrow, and whittle down slightly for brevity:

```suggestion
* macOS content filtering: Under "Screen Time" → "Choose Screen Time content and privacy settings", turn off "Content and Privacy" and then reboot. This has been a common issue with macOS Sonoma.
```

> * macOS or Linux Homebrew: Look at `brew services` and temporarily `brew services stop` anything that's running.

Reviewer: Run commands, and maybe further clarify what’s going on here. (TIL about `brew services`, and I _think_ I get the intent here.)

```suggestion
* macOS or Linux Homebrew: Look for active processes by running `brew services` and temporarily running `brew services stop` individually to see if it has any impact on the conflict.
```

nginx   5234     root   46u  IPv4  13913      0t0  TCP *:http (LISTEN)
```

> The `netstat -anv -p tcp` command can also be used:

Reviewer: Reword to get rid of that impersonal “can also be used” and hopefully describe what the example’s doing before showing it:

```suggestion
You can also use the `netstat -anv -p tcp` command to examine processes running on specific ports:
```
